first thing i want to talk about this
week is weight loss because that search
term is coming up a lot again but i've
also seen people discussing it on
twitter and instagram there's a lot of
people who are just adamantly convinced
i have put a good chunk of the weight
back on
couldn't be further from the truth a
couple months back i weighed in and i
was about 400 pounds almost 400 pounds
3.95
and i don't know if you know this i've
said it on channels on the youtube
videos i've said it on twitter i've said
it everywhere else
i've made myself a promise if i ever got
over 400 pounds again i would check
myself into a rehab that can help me
with my eating disorder that would help
me with my food attention uh but for
those of you not followed for the past
couple of years i lost a lot of weight
for a short period of time i lost 67
pound pounds i went from 567 pounds to
500 using a ketogenic diet as was
recommended to me by my nutritionist by
my doctor and by the good folks at
reddit.com
keto so as you can see buoy is in a
terrible place at the moment and i could
not believe it when he said that his
doctor and nutritionist put him on a
ketogenic diet i was like
are you serious like this guy obviously
does not have a deficiency of fat in his
diet he obviously has enough fat in his
body and in his bloodstream so pretty
amount of high fat animal products diet
low carb diet is like a recipe for death
i did put on some weight during covet
and yes i'm back up to 355
but the idea that i'll even remotely
close to 400 is absurd i have no
intention nor plans to getting to 400
pounds plus or anything like that ever
again in fact i'm trying to go in the
other direction i wanted to show you
what i'm eating
because i'm doing it
you know
i didn't eat breakfast
i didn't eat dinner i eat once yesterday
i want to show you what i'm eating today
i don't think i'll finish what i have
but i want to show you what i have
i wanted to go a little bit lighter so i
did grab a couple pieces of fried
chicken because this is what nazis
carried those non-scary farms is famous
for i also wanted to get just a piece of
bread and mostly one of the shrimp the
shrimp are pretty good for you in a
couple of deviled eggs
and i'm going to lend myself to that
got some water to drink and some diet
coke as well to flavor that with
i know this is probably a lot of food
for the people that are out there but
considering i'm barely eating out here
i'm kind of pleased you know you could
be checking on the plant at any moment
you know if you follow if you keep
trying to go on this ketogenic diet like
you're trying to go on it again i'm
telling you it is a recipe for a heart
attack i know a lot of people are
disappointed at 355 pounds i'm
disappointed with 355 pounds to some
extent but at the same time i'm coming
up on the third year anniversary of my
gastric bypass surgery knowing that i
used to be 587 pounds knowing that i was
500 pounds the day of surgery knowing
that i managed to lose over 200 pounds
and keep 200 pounds off as fast as i
still am i'm pretty proud of this if i'm
being honest with you i know there's
like a lot of screen caps of me out
there looking like this but this one
goes when i walk i lean backwards like a
pregnant woman
uh but yeah this is my actual size is
what i'm gonna actually look like
and
as fat as i am
i like this so i undid all of that
progress and got back up to
three pounds away from having to check
myself in
if i get that thing that's going around
dude even though i'm vaccinated i'm
probably a goner i don't think i could
beat it i barely beat that flu i had two
weeks ago
we just lost a youtuber to that damn
thing
and that puts he was only 38. i'm 47.
i
if i catch that man i'm a goner
[Music]
too young
you